BZ2026308 - Update Note for RT kernel support (#40040)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-provisioning-real-time-and-low-latency-workloads.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> The RT kernel is supported on worker nodes when you use a standard 3+3 cluster, but there are exceptions for compact and single node OpenShift (SNO) deployments. In SNO installations, which contain only a master node, the RT kernel is supported on the master.

Reviewer: **RT kernel**: abbreviation not defined. Considering the usage above, I'd just call this kernel-rt.
**single node OpenShift (SNO) deployments**: We don't use this name. Instead, we need to describe it generically, like "installing OpenShift on a single node". It's a long story.
**a standard 3+3 cluster**: I've never encountered this standard. In the context, I wonder whether we can simply distinguish between single-node deployments and everything else.

Consider something like this:

In most deployments, kernel-rt is supported only on worker nodes. For installations of <product-title> on a single node, kernel-rt is supported on the single control-plane node.

Author: - Changed RT kernel to kernel-rt.
- Yeah, I'm quite aware of the SNO controversy. I'll reword to avoid it.
- Rewording the 3+3 sentence.

> In most deployments, kernel-rt is supported only on worker nodes when you use a standard cluster with three master nodes and three worker nodes. There are exceptions for compact and single nodes on OpenShift deployments. For installations on a single node, kernel-rt is supported on the single control-plane node.

Reviewer 2: Couple of small nits:
```suggestion
In most deployments, kernel-rt is supported only on worker nodes when you use a standard cluster with three control plane nodes and three worker nodes. There are exceptions for compact and single nodes on {product-title} deployments. For installations on a single node, kernel-rt is supported on the single control-plane node.
```
FWIW, we do often refer to kernel-rt as "real-time kernel" in our docs. But considering that this has already been reviewed and changed, I'm happy with the way it is spelled here. (There's precedent for both ways in both vanilla docs and in `cnf-` files.
